Crazy King, what do you mean?
Today is the day when soldiers wear white.
You told him to kneel down for the hero.
Is it a bit unlucky?
Unfortunately, the white deer army is a big shelf.
Net asset value trillion
Rich country.
Can make the noble Sakyamuni armrest bend
But you know your safety.
Your property is my great honor to protect the country in exchange.
They won, are you unfit to return?
Keep Lord Wang.
It's a happy day.
Make him kneel and the King will speak.
Where have you interjected
Li Baiyan, are you expensive?
Lord, you have gone a little too far today.
That's outrageous.
Am I being excessive?
It's him, Li Buyan has gold on his knee.
Or does he consider his own life compared to the chance of making a bad sound?
King Quang Ninh, why give him such a hat?
It doesn't matter, Li Bu Yan can achieve today.
It is really inseparable from the efforts of the Great Xia heroes.
This time
That one.
His way is Bach Hac Nguyen Quan
You're in the public eye.
Your Majesty, this is too much.
Perhaps King Quang Lang only used this way to warn the White Land Yuan Army not to forget the active mind.
Fear.
I hope so.
Brother, the first thing I've done.
Please order the second one.
Listen to me.
The second thing.
I want you to spend all your money.